With our component registered let's use it.
So we have our selector here observer.
Now I told you we are not going to add to the index HMO file there it wouldn't work.
Instead let's go to the component age team I'll file the only average team of all we have right now
were where we could edit.
And here I'll add a horizontal line and Lotus.
I'll add my app server element here and the shortcut I used here is just a little plug in called Emett
available for many ideas and editors which gives you a quicker way of writing.
Tim.
So here app server is our own select or our own element kind of recreate it.
If we now save this it should successfully recompile.
And if we have a look at our running application you'll see the server component here our own component
being added here.
So that is how you can use your components then with their selector offer adding them to app module
and then well displaying them on the page